introduction/FAQs.md, before:

# FAQs
Here are some frequently asked questions and direct links to the answer:

**Climate DT simulations and data:**
- [Which simulations are available? -> Climate DT simulation overview](https://destine.ecmwf.int/climate-change-adaptation-digital-twin-climate-dt/)
- [Which variables were saved? -> Data catalogue for ClimateDT](https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/DDCZ/Climate+DT+Phase+1+data+catalogue#ClimateDTPhase1datacatalogue-Outputparameters)

**Data analysis and tools:**
- [Where can I run my interactive analysis? -> Insula Code](https://platform.destine.eu/services/service/insula-code/)
- [Are there example notebooks for my interactive analysis? -> Polytope examples](https://github.com/destination-earth-digital-twins/polytope-examples/tree/main/climate-dt)
- [How do I adjust my data request? -> STAC catalogue](https://qubed.lumi.apps.dte.destination-earth.eu/) and more information in introduction/making_a_request.md
- Where can I learn about HEALPix? -> There are multiple places to learn about HEALPix and how to process it. For instance an [introduction by easy.gems](https://easy.gems.dkrz.de/Processing/healpix/index.html) and in the Polytope resources, as well as, Earthkit.

**Documentation:**
- [Is there documentation on Earthkit? -> Earthkit docs](https://earthkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Can I see the status of the different data-bridges somewhere? -> status.data.destination-earth.eu](https://status.data.destination-earth.eu/LUMI)

Commit message:

Add reference to AQUA and cyclone example in FAQs

introduction/FAQs.md, after:

# FAQs
Here are some frequently asked questions and direct links to the answer:

**Climate DT simulations and data:**
- [Which simulations are available? -> Climate DT simulation overview](https://destine.ecmwf.int/climate-change-adaptation-digital-twin-climate-dt/)
- [Which variables were saved? -> Data catalogue for ClimateDT](https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/DDCZ/Climate+DT+Phase+1+data+catalogue#ClimateDTPhase1datacatalogue-Outputparameters)

**Data analysis and tools:**
- Where can I run my interactive analysis? -> You can run it either in [Insula Code](https://platform.destine.eu/services/service/insula-code/) or use your local or an HPC machine which supports python/jupyter.
- Are there example notebooks for my interactive analysis? -> Many examples are in [Polytope examples](https://github.com/destination-earth-digital-twins/polytope-examples/tree/main/climate-dt) or you can checkout the [AQUA example](../example_aqua/) or the [Cyclone detection example](../example_tropical_cyclone/).
- [How do I adjust my data request? -> STAC catalogue](https://qubed.lumi.apps.dte.destination-earth.eu/) and more information in introduction/making_a_request.md
- Where can I learn about HEALPix? -> There are multiple places to learn about HEALPix and how to process it. For instance an [introduction by easy.gems](https://easy.gems.dkrz.de/Processing/healpix/index.html) and in the Polytope resources, as well as, Earthkit.

**Documentation:**
- [Is there documentation on Earthkit? -> Earthkit docs](https://earthkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [Can I see the status of the different data-bridges somewhere? -> status.data.destination-earth.eu](https://status.data.destination-earth.eu/LUMI)
